hello yourself dark legends and like
promised that day I will be back before
than i will announce you the exit list
I’ll start the next issues with a brief
review on many interesting movie
Transformers 4 era of extermination let's
open our eyes to the truth of transformers
always been considered films for children from
line on the comics here arises controversial
the moment is about transformers that's for sure
the plot was never original
and was made up of Hollywood receptions
from which so full of food
you predict almost the whole movie though so
spin that in some moments and
mistaken franchise always kept action
After all, for these viewers always went to the movies
but confess to the pose of pacific
turnaround transformers are no longer so surprised
and emotions got from turn in aimax and
far more than from robots in 3d
for the third part like many i
had a rest but no special impressions
therefore made what to expect from 4
parts that starts already new
storyline and as well guessed
the fourth part is shot in the same style
that and the trilogy is a secondary plot with
lots of stupid things with many
familiar plot twists for example
father bought an old truck
and he turns out to be autobot nothing
reminds
action same spectacular on
pacific line anyway better
the truth is something in this picture makes me very
glad Michael Bay is already making progress
when choosing actors and now I haven't
blood from the ears of cries sam
Uituiki
new characters in the franchise were in place
brutal mark wahlberg which only
dragged his game the whole film played
very cool and oh thank god finally on
female
chose the actress that was well
nice to look not momentarily bad not about
god rosie huntington whiteley
didn't look as good as frame
Nicola finger 2 also played a very
badly
emotions expressed very weakly probably when
filming she had a bad idea
Transformers but what's more surprising
there are many moments of teana calmly
it should not be in this frame alone
and how the director could overlook it
did the character jack save on film
Raynor and in some boring he even me
to some extent resembles so nothing about
who have not forgotten and Stanley Tucci
luboj and terrible laughter also praise
composer steve and lonsky and group
imagine Dragons
their track is just mesmerizing the rest
I will not praise the plot is interesting but only on
once the action is solid but he is not
should be clumsy or else the film would
there was nothing to watch
for the sake of rest it is worth looking exactly
for the sake of the brand wahlberg michael bey chiefly
there is some secret of success then even
from annoying franchise to and i need
do a sequel he care with them and
take it off so that the viewer can again
rest and the transformers were again
popular in the market
for parents to buy for their children
comics
toys and manufacturers would get
profit become and I'm not sure about it
It seems in part 4 to be used product
placement
the fourth part is not the last but in one
I am sure he will always be like that
what was the usual fantastic
movies with minor changes
you come to me for a rest and
will forget now briefly schedule after 3
days you will see 2 full review more through
three you will see the next release of actors
and then you see the top 10 Russian
films shot and by modern standards
Thanks for watching, I shared my
Opinions about transformers now
share you
leaving your opinion in the comments under
video and if you liked the review
like and subscribe to the channel
Click on the logo with you was a report
all for now start with the fact that the line
the future is for me one of
most anticipated this year and left on
I hope to see a big hope movie
really great fiction